Adding files and getting repo started (#2)
resim-ai/getting-started-demo: README.md

##  README.md

### Purpose of this repository

> We want to provide you some very simple examples of how to use ReSim. This repository is provided as a simple, stripped down example so you can walk through how to get ReSim up and running before specifically getting your code ready for ReSim. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to provide you with some very simple examples of how to use ReSim. This repository is provided as a simple, stripped down example so you can walk through getting ReSim up and running before integrating ReSim with your own system. 
```

### Areas to be highlighted

This Getting Started guide will highlight the following areas:

> 1. Providing an experience builder that allows you to create a simple scene
> 2. Creating a metrics that build that takes the outputs of the experience builder and creates a simple metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Providing an experience build that allows you to create a simple scene
2. Creating a metrics build that takes the outputs of the experience build and creates a simple metric
```

I'm also not sure that the existing experience build can be said to be creating a scene.

> 3. An example for you to look through to see how things are formatted in order for them to be used in ReSim

Reviewer: I think this sentence needs another pass, I'm not sure what you're trying to convey here.

Author: I removed it and rewrote it.

### Contributions

> We want to keep this example as simple as possible, while also highlighting the value of ReSim. Feel free to submit a Pull Request if you have any suggestions on how to improve this example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want to keep this example as simple as possible, while also highlighting the value of ReSim. Feel free to submit a Pull Request if you have any suggestions on how to improve it.
```
